Add Chef Infra Client 15.5. release notes (#9089)
chef/chef: RELEASE_NOTES.md

This file holds "in progress" release notes for the current release under development and is intended for consumption by the Chef Documentation team. Please see <https://docs.chef.io/release_notes.html> for the official Chef release notes.

# Chef Infra Client 15.5

## New Cookbook Helpers

> Chef Infra Client now includes a new `chef-utils` gem, which ships with a large number of helpers to make writing cookbooks easier. Many of these helpers existed previously in the chef-sugar gem. We've renamed many of the named for consistency, while providing backwards compatibility with existing chef-sugar names. Existing cookbooks written with chef-sugar should work unmodified with any of these new helpers. Expect a Cookstyle rule in the near future to help you update existing chef-sugar code to use the newer built-in helpers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Chef Infra Client now includes a new `chef-utils` gem, which ships with a large number of helpers to make writing cookbooks easier. Many of these helpers existed previously in the `chef-sugar` gem. We have renamed many of the named helpers for consistency, while providing backwards compatibility with existing `chef-sugar` names. Existing cookbooks written with `chef-sugar` should work unmodified with any of these new helpers. Expect a Cookstyle rule in the near future to help you update existing `chef-sugar` code to use the newer built-in helpers.
```

> For more information all all of the new helpers available see the [chef-utils readme](https://github.com/chef/chef/blob/master/chef-utils/README.md)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more information all all of the new helpers available, see the [chef-utils readme](https://github.com/chef/chef/blob/master/chef-utils/README.md)
```

## Chefignore Improvements

> We've reworked how chefignore files are handled in knife, which has allowed us to close out a large number of long outstanding bugs. knife will now traverse all the way up the directory structure looking for a chefignore file. This means you can place a chefignore file in each cookkbook or any parent directory in your repository structure. Additionally we've made fixes that ensure that commmands like `knife diff` and `knife cookbook upload` always honor your chefignore files.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We've reworked how chefignore files are handled in knife, which has allowed us to close out a large number of long outstanding bugs. knife will now traverse all the way up the directory structure looking for a chefignore file. This means you can place a chefignore file in each cookkbook or any parent directory in your repository structure. Additionally, we have made fixes that ensure that commmands like `knife diff` and `knife cookbook upload` always honor your chefignore files.
```

> We've reworked how chefignore files are handled in knife, which has allowed us to close out a large number of long outstanding bugs. knife will now traverse all the way up the directory structure looking for a chefignore file. This means you can place a chefignore file in each cookkbook or any parent directory in your repository structure. Additionally we've made fixes that ensure that commmands like `knife diff` and `knife cookbook upload` always honor your chefignore files.

Reviewer: Should we be applying `formatting` to the _knife_ mentions in this release note? I'm forgetting at this rate. See this paragraph and the paragraph in ln 17.

Author: Done back to 15.0

## Windows Habitat Plan

Official Habitat packages of Chef Infra Client are now available for Windows. It has all the executables of the traditional omnibus packages, but in Habitat form. You can find it in the Habitat Builder under [chef/chef-infra-client](https://bldr.habitat.sh/#/pkgs/chef/chef-infra-client/latest/windows).

## Performance Improvements

This release of Chef Infra Client ships with several optimizations to our Ruby installation that improve the performance of the chef-client and knife commands, especially on Windows systems. Expect to see more here in future releases.

## Chef InSpec 4.18.39

Chef InSpec has been updated from 4.17.17 to 4.18.38. This release includes a large number of bug fixes in additition to some great resource enhancements:

- Inputs can now be used within a `describe.one` block
- The `service` resource now includes a `startname` property for Windows and systemd services
- The `interface` resource now includes a `name` property

> - The `user` resource now better supports Windows with the addition of `passwordage`, `maxbadpasswords`, and `badpasswordattempts` properties.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The `user` resource now better supports Windows with the addition of `passwordage`, `maxbadpasswords`, and `badpasswordattempts` properties
```

- The `nginx` resource now includes parsing support for wildcard, dot prefix, and regex
- The `iis_app_pool` resource now handles empty app pools
- The `filesystem` resource now supports devices with very long names
- The `apt` better handles URIs and supports repos with an `arch`
- The `oracledb_session` has received multiple fixes to make it work better
- The `npm` resource now works under sudo on Unix and on Windows with a custom PATH

## New Resources

### chef_sleep

> The `chef_sleep` resource can be used to sleep for a specified number of seconds during a Chef Infra Client run. This may be helpful for use with other commands that return a completed status before they are actually ready. In general don't use this resource unless you truly need.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `chef_sleep` resource can be used to sleep for a specified number of seconds during a Chef Infra Client run. This may be helpful to use with other commands that return a completed status before they are actually ready. In general, do not use this resource unless you truly need it.
```

> Using with a Windows service that starts, but isn't immediately ready:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Using with a Windows service that starts, but is not immediately ready:
```

```ruby
service 'Service that is slow to start and reports as started' do
  service_name 'my_database'
  action :start
  notifies :sleep, chef_sleep['wait for service start']
end

chef_sleep 'wait for service start' do
  seconds 30
  action :nothing
end
```

## Updated Resources

## systemd_unit / service

> The `systemd_unit` and `service` resource (when on systemd) have been updated to not re-enable services with an indirect status. Thanks [@jaymzh](https://github.com/jaymzh) for this fix.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `systemd_unit` and `service` resources (when on systemd) have been updated to not re-enable services with an indirect status. Thanks [@jaymzh](https://github.com/jaymzh) for this fix.
```
